The basis of this assignment is to create a portfolio for me to show future employers. The assignment is to show that i can compitently use bootstrap for styling web pages as well as create a working sit to showing that i can create a functioning website. The site is meant to have an index.html document explaining facts about me. A portfolio.html that will highlight some of my best work. Finally a contaml, which will have a link for someone to contact me. The pages are to be hosted on gitpages. the project is meant to be updated periodically as to show the workers progress from the beginning of the bootcamp til graduation. 

Part of the assignment it to make sure that the pages and supporting documentation are linked together. The links show a ability to link multiple pages together as a fully functioning website. This website will be viewed and shared by potential employers and recruiters.

The assignment is meant to be pushed to github multiple times to show potential employers an ability to learn and show progress to the final project. This will show an ability to learn, clean up work and progress to a final site that will be shared.

Update*
to follow with this assignment, i have attached multiple links including homeworks and the first project as well as links to my linkedin and github. i have added images and updated the coding.
the languages used include bootstrap, html, and css. a combination of images and links were added to the site to enable the user to gain a better idea of my experience and work that i have completed and added to git hub.
As part of the assignment i was also to update my LinkedIn and Github profiles to show my status as a student and show the work i have completed. In this new and updated version of the site, i was able to link my images to sites as well as space out the wording and images. The addition of the CSS document and images helped to make the site look better and stand out. The site is also using several hyperlinks that make it easy to use and follow.